Need to support -x option in vadddomain that sets the delete option when
the qmail-default is created.

vadddomain may not actually support Bounce. I see where it is set, but not 
where it is used.

add .skel directories to the add domain process.  Allow directories to
be specified at system and domain levels.


Consider enforcing MAX_DOM_ALIAS when adding aliases.  If it does not already exist
consider adding a domain limit on how many aliases that is <= MAX_DOM_ALIAS.
MAX_DOM_ALIAS controls the size of structures, and causes a stack overflow if
too many aliases exist, currently there are no tests that protect against this.

Look for various MAX_BUFF BUFF_SIZE declarations, including making qmailadmin use
the same definitions as vpopmail.

Found a possible "unexpected end of script headers" error in qmail.  vlimits is
writing directly to stderr, and not returning an error code.  Look for similar
problems in all of the code.

vadddomain has a -O option to optomize multiple adds.  vadduser needs a similar 
option.  vadduser's option on cdb should inhibit creating the .cdb file until the
last user is added when adding many users to a domain.  Also look at the cache
question on one of the uses of OptomizeAddDomain that is commented out.

when valias is enabled calls that return aliases should return both aliases
stored in the database, and those stored in .qmail files at the domain level.
When valiases are created, they should go into the database.  Need to provide
an alternate call that lets you create a .qmail file if desired.

When a database enabled valias call looks up an address it must look for a
.qmail file first, and return its contents.  When it does an update, if a
.qmail file exists, update it.  Same with delete.  Why?  qmail looks for the 
.qmail files first, so if they exist - they win.

Look at quota code for the possibility of something coming in as off_t and being
processed with a 32 bit value.  All incoming off_t's must either stay off_t or
go into a 64 bit value.  Check courier's imap program for code on this.  It should
have a maildirquota.c file of its own.
